Introduce new COCOTB_TEST_FILTER varible (#3841)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/building.rst

.. envvar:: TESTCASE

    A comma-separated list of tests to run.
    Does an exact match on the test name.

    .. versionchanged:: 2.0

        Previously, if one than one test matched a test name in the :envvar:`TESTCASE` list,
        only the first test that matched that test name in the :envvar:`MODULE` list was run.
        Now, all tests that match the test name across all :envvar:`MODULE`\ s are run.

> .. envvar:: COCOTB_TEST_FILTER

Reviewer: This section deserves a note or warning that only one of `TESTCASE`/`COCOTB_TEST_FILTER` can be used.

.. envvar:: TESTCASE

    A comma-separated list of tests to run.
    Does an exact match on the test name.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we have a deprecation notice here also?

    .. versionchanged:: 2.0

        Previously, if more than one test matched a test name in the :envvar:`TESTCASE` list,
        only the first test that matched that test name in the :envvar:`MODULE` list was run.
        Now, all tests that match the test name across all :envvar:`MODULE`\ s are run.

    .. warning::

        Only one of :envvar:`TESTCASE` or :envvar:`COCOTB_TEST_FILTER` should be used.

.. envvar:: COCOTB_TEST_FILTER

>     A regex matching names of test function(s) to run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A regular expression matching names of test function(s) to run.
```
while here
